----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10. Q10 
- As an AWS Certified Developer Associate, you are writing a **CloudFormation** template in YAML. The template consists of an EC2 instance creation and one RDS resource. Once your resources are created you would like **to output the connection endpoint for the RDS database**.

- Which intrinsic function returns the value needed?
    - **```!GetAtt```** - The Fn::GetAtt intrinsic function returns the value of an attribute from a resource in the template
    - ~~```!Sub```~~ ->  
    - ~~```!Ref```~~ ->  The intrinsic function Ref returns the value of the specified parameter or resource.
    - ~~```!FindInMap```~~ -> return a named value from a specific key
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
13. Q13
- As a site reliability engineer, you work on **building and running** large-scale, distributed, fault-tolerant systems in the cloud using automation. You have just replaced the company's Jenkins based CI/CD platform with **AWS CodeBuild and would like to programmatically define your build steps**s.

- Which of the following options should you choose?
    - **Define a ```buildspec.yml``` file in the root directory** -> run build, test,
    - ~~Define an ```appspec.yml``` file in the root director~~ -> The AppSpec file is used for deployment in the CodeDeploy service.
    - ~~Define a ```buildspec.yml``` file in the codebuild/ directory~~ -> Wrong folder
    - ~~Define an ```appspec.yml``` file in the codebuild/ directory~~ - The AppSpec file is used for deployment in the CodeDeploy service.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
16. Q16
- As a Developer, you are working on a mobile application that utilizes Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) for sending messages to downstream systems for further processing. One of the requirements is that the messages should be stored in the queue for a period of 12 days.

- How will you configure this requirement?
    - **Change the queue message retention setting** -> retetion can set from 4 and up to 14 days
    - ~~Enable Long Polling for the SQS queue~~ -> Reduce API call, not related
    - ~~Use a FIFO SQS queue~~ -> sms in order, not related
    - ~~The maximum retention period of SQS messages is 7 days, therefore retention period of 12 days is not possible~~ -> 14 days, not 12

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
17. Q17
- A developer is configuring the **redirect actions for an Application Load Balancer**. The developer stumbled upon the following snippet of code.

- Which of the following is an example of a query string condition that the developer can use on AWS CLI?

> Routing tables to different target groups:
    > Routing based on path in URL ```(example.com/users & example.com/posts)```
    > Routing based on hostname in URL ``(one.example.com & other.example.com)``
    > Routing based on Query String, Headers `(example.com/users?id=123&order=false)`

```json
-> Correct
[
  {
      "Field": "query-string",
      "QueryStringConfig": {
          "Values": [
            {
                "Key": "version",
                "Value": "v1"
            },
            {
                "Value": "*example*"
            }
          ]
      }
  }
]
```
```json
-> Incorrect
[
  {
      "Field": "query-string",
      "PathPatternConfig": {
          "Values": ["/img/*"]
      }
  }
]
[
  {
      "Field": "query-string",
      "StringHeaderConfig": {
          "Values": ["*.example.com"]
      }
  }
]
These two options are malformed and are incorrect.
[
  {
      "Type": "redirect",
      "RedirectConfig": {
          "Protocol": "HTTPS",
          "Port": "443",
          "Host": "#{host}",
          "Path": "/#{path}",
          "Query": "#{query}",
          "StatusCode": "HTTP_301"
      }
  }
]
 This action redirects an HTTP request to an HTTPS request on port 443, with the same hostname, path, and query string as the HTTP request.
```
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
18. Q18
- You're a developer maintaining a web application written in .NET. The application makes references to public objects in a public S3 accessible bucket using a public URL. While doing a code review your colleague advises that the approach is not a best practice because some of the objects contain private data. After the administrator makes the **S3 bucket private you can no longer access the S3 objects** but **you would like to create an application that will enable people to access some objects as needed with a ``time policy constraint``**.

- Which of the following options will give access to the objects?
    - ``Using pre-signed URL`` -> temporary for GET
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
21. Question 21: 
- A developer has just completed configuring the Application Load Balancer for the EC2 instances. Just as he started testing his configuration, he realized that he has **missed assigning target groups to his ALB**.

- Which error code should he expect in his debug logs?
    - HTTP 500 -> Internal server
    - **HTTP 503** -> Service unavailable 
    - HTTP 504 -> Gateway timeout , 
    - HTTP 403 -> Forbidden, it blocked a request.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
22. 
- You are a software engineer working for an IT company and are asked to contribute to a growing internal application that includes dashboards for data visualization. You are provisioning your AWS DynamoDB table and need to perform **10 strongly consistent reads per second of 4 KB in size each**.

- How many Read Capacity Units (RCUs) are needed?
    - 1RCU = 1 Strongly Consitent Read
    - 1RCU = 2 Eventually Consistent Read

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
23. 
- A video streaming application uses **Amazon CloudFront** for its data distribution. The development team has decided to use CloudFront with origin failover for high availability.
```python
    1. Try Cache
    2. If cache miss, go to primary (at least two origins )
    3. If primary failover with GET,OPTIONS,HEAD, go to secondary
```
- Which of the following options are correct while configuring CloudFront with Origin Groups? (Select two)
    - **CloudFront routes all incoming requests to the primary origin, even when a previous request failed over to the secondary origin**
    - **CloudFront fails over to the secondary origin only when the HTTP method of the viewer request is GET, HEAD or OPTIONS**
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
24. Multi-AZ
    - Amazon RDS automatically initiates a failover to the standby, in case the primary database fails for any reason 
    - Not for read, for HA, sync
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
25. Read Replicas: Async, improve read performance
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
26. 
- An e-commerce application writes log files into Amazon S3. **The application also reads these log files in parallel on a near real-time basis**. The development team wants to address any data discrepancies that might arise when the application overwrites an existing log file and then tries to read that specific log file.

- Which of the following options BEST describes the capabilities of Amazon S3 relevant to this scenario?
    - **A process replaces an existing object and immediately tries to read it. Amazon S3 always returns the latest version of the object** -> Amazon S3 delivers strong read-after-write consistency automatically, without changes to performance or availability, without sacrificing regional isolation for applications, and at no additional cost.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
27. 
- A company is looking at storing their **less frequently accessed files** on AWS that can be concurrently accessed by hundreds of EC2 instances. The company needs the **most cost-effective** file storage service that provides **immediate access** to data whenever needed.

- Which of the following options represents the best solution for the given requirements?
    - **Amazon Elastic File System (EFS) Standard–IA storage class** -> Most suitable
    - **~~Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) storage class~~** ->   object storage service
    - **Amazon Elastic File System (EFS) Standard storage class** -> for frequent read data
    - **Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS)** -> Not fast
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
28. 
-  Amazon EBS encryption
    - Encryption by default is a Region-specific setting. If you enable it for a Region, you cannot disable it for individual volumes or snapshots in that Region
    - A volume restored from an encrypted snapshot, or a copy of an encrypted snapshot, is always encrypted 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
29. 
- DynamoDB, query your data by the **primary key and an alternate sort key**. This option must be added **when first creating tables otherwise changes cannot be made afterward**.
    - LSI, create at creation time of dynam table
    - GSI, can create at any time, If the writes are throttled on the GSI, then the main table will be throttled
    - 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

30.
- A development team has noticed that one of the EC2 instances has been wrongly configured with the `'DeleteOnTermination'` attribute set to True for its root EBS volume.

- As a developer associate, can you suggest a way to disable this flag while the instance is still running? 
    - **Set the `DeleteOnTermination` attribute to False using the command line - If the instance is already running, you can set DeleteOnTermination to False using the command line.**

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
